As expected of Shen Changzu's grandson
You are the leader of the Illuminati
The real culprit who killed my parents
Haha, smart.
Today I'm going to be a thug
Parental revenge
Your grandfather was known as Zhuge Liang at that time
He can't do anything to me all these years
Just by you
Besides, the death of your parents
He is also the director
Ah shut up
You trash
You'd better let me go.
If you kill me, I won't even survive my fingerprints
anger
Yes you killed him
Lexus One and Only
Your grandfather, your parents
They have the most
Betrayed the Illuminati
It's not a pity to die
Today the bad boy wants revenge on me
I will make you look like your parents did
Break your bones bit by bit
knife by knife
Rub the flesh off your body
Enough is enough
Not enough.
You should have seen Huang back then
How does benevolence torture you?
I'll tell you what.
I mentioned they did that.
That cry
It's fucking comfortable looking back now
Hahahaha